TO DO:
*verlyn
make CR2032 battery socket library
make LM2596 TO-263 library

*trosh
Demo
make circuit for the control relay
-use this instead https://electronics.stackexchange.com/questions/116271/power-supply-with-lm723
thermal printer: https://www.dkia.at/de/node/129

48V-12V converter: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=m1fPae4zYYs

About UC3843a technical resources
http://www.ti.com/product/UC3843A/technicaldocuments

https://boxdesigner.connectionlab.org/
make circuit for CD4050 buffer

SMD
build DC-DC for power supply

bring jumper wires

Things to order
1. Soldering Iron tips
2. Soldering Flux
3. Soldering Tip cleaning wire mesh
4. 2 x Digital multimeter
6. USB hub
8. Perfboard
9. Breadboard
10. Hook up wires
12. Scissor
17. Silicon heat mat 1,650

Soon
1. Hot air rework station
2. Stereoscope
3. Adjustable Power supply

for PJR

thermal printer A3906SESTR-T QFN-20 step motor driver replacement

77VhFnWcJpgxu - Makerlab
------------------------------
ENIG is lead free
Hong Kong Airmail takes 1-8 weeks.
Choose quantity bigger than 'protopack10', then you will get the option to put in any size you want. 
Max board size 6m x 7m
Hotmail will mark dirtyPCB as spam

Q: If I order PCB’s from my design is the design going to published?
A: No. Boards only go to the store if you want press the 'add to store' button.

So If the rectangle cutout includes copper, then you put it in the drill file. If you don't want copper rectangle, then put it in outline file.
Just FYI, for copper rectangles, the minimum size is 5mm*5mm because the milling drills are round.

Slots are placed on the drill layer and the manufacturer will understand that its plated
Unplated slots are on the outline layer

Slots diameters: 0.8mm for unplated, 0.6mm for plated

DirtyPCB issue with KiCAD users.

"Drill file only are being seen"
-please move your design down crossing the y-axis to yeild a postive gerber
KiCAD have an inverted vertical axis and produce negative gerber



KiCAD footprint addition process

Make a new project (name it to the order number)
Open KiCAD Footprint editor
click new footprint and name it
work on your new footprint (don't save)
click create new library and save current footprint
In order for your new library to appear in the "save footprint" window everytime you save your footprint, you have to add your library
Add footprint library: go to Preferences>Footprint Library Manager
browse to library folder (usually with .pretty folder)
click ok
library should now be visible on "library selection" to load as active library
now select it as an active library
begin creating  your footprint

KiCAD component library addition process

Open schematic library editor
select an existing library
create a new component (dont save)
name the component and save component to new library (usually save to .pretty folder)
go to preferences>Component libraries
click Add and navigate to the newly created component library
the library will now display on the component library list, now click ok
select working library and select the newly created component library
now work you new library out!

click "edit component library properties" to edit each part's description and preferred footprint on "footprint filter tab". Type the name of the footprint
for multiple gates/component, on the component property specify the number of units, then edit the other gates by clicking the dropdown menu "Unit A, B etc"

What files to send to customer with kicad library (see for further reading https://en.wikibooks.org/wiki/Kicad/file_formats)
.pretty folder containing
-> .lib (schematic symbols)
-> .dcm (documentation of the symbols such as description, keywords and docfiles)
-> .kicad_mod (footprint, one footprint per file)

----------------------------------
AutoCAD .STP (STEP) export
Go to insert and click import
import the step file
wait for the import process

To delete a block
type PURGE on the command, then choose the block you want to delete

To rename a block
type RENAME then select the block you want to rename

Text as description
created by DirtyFootprints Dangerousprototypes.com


Footprint creation done, Please log-in first before downloading the attachment. Thanks for ordering!
Routing service done, Please log-in first before downloading the attachment. Thanks for ordering!

Battery Alligator clip